Update manual.md (#20394)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/manual.md

  ```

> The compiler can produce a warning in these cases, but this warning is
> turned off as default in current implementation. It can be enabled
> temporarily via `{.push warning[ObservableStores]: on.}` ... `{.pop.}`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The compiler can produce a warning in these cases, however this behavior is
turned off by default. It can be enabled for arbitrary sections of code via
the `warning[ObservableStores]` and `push`/`pop` pragmas:
```
`{.push warning[ObservableStores]: on.}`
  ...
`{.pop.}`
```
````
